serviceAccountRefresher ignores sync-rover-groups-updater (#35015)
openshift/release: docs/dptp-triage-sop/token-rotation.md

Then create a pull request based on the changes and merge it.

To keep the maintenance simple, we should use non-expiring tokens as the last resort, i.e., only use it when bound tokens do not work for the case.

> If we have to use it for a new service account, an addition step is to [ignore the SA](../../clusters/app.ci/assets/dptp-controller-manager.yaml)in the `service account refresher` controller of `dptp-controller-manager` to void deleting the secret holding its non-expiring token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we have to use it for a new service account, an additional required step is to [ignore the SA](../../clusters/app.ci/assets/dptp-controller-manager.yaml)in the `service account refresher` controller of `dptp-controller-manager` to void deleting the secret holding its non-expiring token.
```
